Hit me; it’s just a slap; it’s over; Yun’s Zhou Shulin is my dad; why; even your dad
Come; in front of me; you are just a mouth; bring Zhou Shulin of the Zhou Group to the night;
Why don't you pretend? I don't believe you have such great ability. With just one phone call, you can give my dad to me.
Call me here; Tian Jie; Mr. Zhou is the false promise of the group; Okay; Okay; I’ll drink water right away.
The group made a false promise; we waited for this contract; our Zhou family only believed that it was Yunzang's hand;
hello
Okay, we'll go right away
It only takes five minutes for your dad to get here.
Do you think I was scared?
Do you know who you are happy with today?
I don’t understand my son without you
You even changed me
what did you do yourself
Is he really Tianai?